add a stream-id: assignable and readable. Closes #1010 (#1018)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

Connection Groups can be created using the Clone Action:

~~~

> Connection := Connection.Clone(framer?, protocolSpecificProperties?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connection := Connection.Clone(framer?, connectionProperties?)
```
I guess these could not only protocol specific properties, but any property that makes sense on a per-stream basis

`Connection Priority` on one Connection does not change it on the
other Connections in the same Connection Group.

> The optional `protocolSpecificProperties` parameter represents protocol-specific
> Transport Properties that are not defined in the present document, but left open for definition
> in future documents.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional `connectionProperties` parameter allows passing
Transport Properties that control the behaviour of the stream/underlaying connection to be created, e.g., protocol specific properties to request specific stream IDs for SCTP or QUIC.

```

`Connection Priority` on one Connection does not change it on the
other Connections in the same Connection Group.

The optional `connectionProperties` parameter allows passing

> Transport Properties that control the behaviour of the stream/underlaying connection to be created, e.g., protocol specific properties to request specific stream IDs for SCTP or QUIC.

Author: ```suggestion
Transport Properties that control the behavior of the underlying stream or connection to be created, e.g., protocol specific properties to request specific stream IDs for SCTP or QUIC.
```
